[Music]
[Applause]
my name is Lee laughter now - hi we've
been on the force a good since 1986 post
bringing you a laid-back summertime Jani
hold on a minute link hey what's up old
man see the children walking on another
epic quest you gonna use your ocarina to
rescue the princess but you'll need a
magic weapon that'll never miss it's
dangerous to go home thanks old man that
is really very nice I can always count
on you friendly but though I've never
seen a sword play the shape besides oh
god that's not a sword at your dick in
disguise yes
[Music]
we're just
that was weird but whatever there is no
time to lose I got more bananas every
the chill dad Ruth wait this isn't a
problem everybody sees this place looks
just like barely down here buddy the
moment shit I'm at the corner of death
cotton prostitute chunks or something in
my ocarina must have gone to mount
functions I gotta fix it quickly there
is just to do hold on a minute leg oh
man is that you this is the place you
can survive just sorting your wish it's
dangerous to go alone take this that's
really kind of dad that's wrinkled dick
you can look I don't wear a tunic but
I'm not into men don't be
[Music]
mr. Johnson
oh my god I got a won't bad here
Princess Zelda
wave some us to beat Ganondorf before it
gets too late okay now I really don't
know where I am
hold on a minute link god damn it old
man Jordan Raccoon City it's a zombie a
bitch it's dangerous to go alone gene oh
[Music]
geez come in here tell me you got a
weawy weapon not to I'm not gonna touch
it amicus now so is that a no on the
handjob or okay come on and click here
to buy the album right now it's got 13
great tracks that'll make you say wow
like this what about Mario click here to
check it out and if the plum is not your
style we've got another one now click
here to watch a video about Street
Fighter it's the music videos to go
ahead and raise your light or hate
writing raps for an end slate is rough
so please choose your destiny clicking
one is enough
[Music]